README.md, before:

# Computing Storyline and Ideas
## Storyline ideas are welcome!

*The evening star is shining bright, so make a wish, and hold on tight,*
*there's magic in the air tonight,*
*and anything can happen*

Disney and Dreamworks rules! :D
My favorites:
* Trolls (every. single. one of their shows. Can't wait for trollstopia to come soon!)
* Frozen (the whole franchise too)
* Zootopia (I want a sequel!)

Favorite Foods:
1. Pizza 
2. Mac and Cheese. Lots of cheese.
3. Fish and Chips 

Time to start with the story shall we?

-Prologue-
Once upon a time, in a village far far away... lived a girl, who's hair was never straight.It looked like the wind was always blowing,and without anyone knowing.
She was ostracized for her looks,and ridiculed for her love of books.
Once a confident girl was now ashamed. Was she pretty, or was she fake?
She avoided going out, and hid in her house, for she thought no one would want to see her.
For ten years she remained like this, learning off of books.
She learnt how to do poetry, and loved her romance books.
She longed for someone to see her that way,like she was their world.
But she knew no one would ever know the girl behind the door,
whose hair flowed like the breeze and hides in her stronghold.

It was another day. She did not know what day it was, she did not need to care. 18 year old Kaylie was staring out the window blankly. She was alone at home again, for her father had gone to work.
She sighed. What was she going to do now? She had done every chore to do in the house; even mopped the floor twice!
She stood up and took her book. It was about time she had to go to the library to borrow and return her books. She hoped she wouldn't be seen, but then again, she hadn't been noticed for 10 years ever since she started staying at home.

Commit message:

Added to the story
Added: She longed for an adventure, just liked the many stories she had read. Perhaps she would even find her prince! Who knows! As she stared out of the window, she pictured herself wandering around in the green grassy fields, dancing with her true love.

README.md, after:

# Computing Storyline and Ideas
## Storyline ideas are welcome!

*The evening star is shining bright, so make a wish, and hold on tight,*
*there's magic in the air tonight,*
*and anything can happen*

Disney and Dreamworks rules! :D
My favorites:
* Trolls (every. single. one of their shows. Can't wait for trollstopia to come soon!)
* Frozen (the whole franchise too)
* Zootopia (I want a sequel!)

Favorite Foods:
1. Pizza 
2. Mac and Cheese. Lots of cheese.
3. Fish and Chips 

Time to start with the story shall we?

-Prologue-
Once upon a time, in a village far far away... lived a girl, who's hair was never straight.It looked like the wind was always blowing,and without anyone knowing.
She was ostracized for her looks,and ridiculed for her love of books.
Once a confident girl was now ashamed. Was she pretty, or was she fake?
She avoided going out, and hid in her house, for she thought no one would want to see her.
For ten years she remained like this, learning off of books.
She learnt how to do poetry, and loved her romance books.
She longed for someone to see her that way,like she was their world.
But she knew no one would ever know the girl behind the door,
whose hair flowed like the breeze and hides in her stronghold.

It was another day. She did not know what day it was, she did not need to care. 18 year old Kaylie was staring out the window blankly. She was alone at home again, for her father had gone to work.
She sighed. What was she going to do now? She had done every chore to do in the house; even mopped the floor twice!
She stood up and took her book. It was about time she had to go to the library to borrow and return her books. She hoped she wouldn't be seen, but then again, she hadn't been noticed for 10 years ever since she started staying at home. She longed for an adventure, just liked the many stories she had read. Perhaps she would even find her prince! Who knows! As she stared out of the window, she pictured herself wandering around in the green grassy fields, dancing with her true love.
